Donald Trump's economic plan: 1. Lower wages 2. Fewer jobs 3. More debt 4. Tax breaks for the 0.1%
Trump's housing company would mark black renters' applications with a "C" for "colored"then reject them.
"The right to vote is still the most powerful nonviolent tool of transformation we have." @RepJohnLewis
53 years ago today, we Marched on Washington for Jobs and Freedom. #GoodTrouble
We're stronger togetherand the diversity of our athletes in Rio proved it.
When Trump was starting in business, he was sued by the Justice Department for refusing to rent to black tenants.
53 years ago, Dr. King told us his dream. Today, let's recommit ourselves to the march toward equality for all. http://hrc.io/2c0y2zA -H
Hillary's small business plan:  cut paperwork  improve funding access  save businesses $ http://usat.ly/2c6a60F
Hate is not welcome in our homes. We shouldn't welcome it into the White House. #StrongerTogether
Families across America are feeling the strain from prescription drug price-gouging. Here's how we'll take this on:
A must read today: The NYT digs deep into Donald Trump and his father's history of denying housing to blacks.
If Trump doesnt see all Americans or respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans? #StrongerTogether
Helping small businesses succeed is about more than policyit's personal. http://hrc.io/2bfuuYE
You can learn a lot about a person by the company they keep. Here's some of the company Trump keeps:
It's Women's Equality Day. Donald Trump can't say he treats women with respect
Happy National Dog Day!
Making it easier to live the American Dream means making it easier to start and grow a small business.
Daughter, business owner, and immigrant: Meet Luisachaser of the American Dream.
Happy #WomensEqualityDay from @realDonaldTrump.
So what has the @ClintonFdn been up to? Helping millions of people get more affordable medicine to treat HIV/AIDS.
Nearly 100 years ago, women broke down barriers to the ballot box, moving us closer to a more equal nation. Let's finish what they started.
"human rights are womens rights & womens rights are human rights." - @HillaryClinton #WomensEqualityDay
Yes, @realDonaldTrump really did say all of these hateful things.
On #WomensEqualityDay, celebrate your right to vote by making sure you're ready to exercise it:
Even as we celebrate the 19th Amendment, remember the struggle for voting rights continued for women of color. That fight continues today.
On this day in 1920, the 19th Amendment was adopted and many women won the right to vote. Let's break more ceilings.
We've made our union more perfect because people refused to be kept on the sidelines. Onward. #WomensEqualityDay
Countless women fought to win the right to vote. On the anniversary of the 19th Amendment's adoption, let's recommit to protecting it. -H
.@HillaryClinton: From the start, Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia
Republican leaders should take a look at who they're standing with.
Donald Trumps campaign of prejudice and paranoia is unlike anything weve seenand its profoundly dangerous.
Trump's bigoted rhetoric and policy proposals aren't a dog whistle. We hear him loud and clear.
Enjoying a quiet moment at @GrandTetonNPS back in 1995. Happy #NPS100!
It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump.
Trump asked what the African American community has to lose by voting for him. @MarlonDMarshall's response:
Trump says he wants to "make America great again," but his real message remains make America hate again.
Let this sink in. To hate groups, Trump's language doesn't come across as coded.
This election is too important for anyone to sit out. Text JOIN to 47246 or go to http://hillaryclinton.com . Lets go win this, together.
Our rising generation of young Americans is the most open, diverse, and connected weve ever seen.
"Every day, more Americans are standing up and saying 'enough is enough'including a lot of Republicans. Im honored to have their support."
In 2008, John McCain told his own supporters that Barack Obama is an American citizen and "a decent person."
The week after 9/11, George W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims 'love America just as much as I do.'
20 years ago, when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination, he pointed to the exits and told any racists in the Party to get out.
Theres an old Mexican proverb that says Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are. We know who Trump is.
A fringe element has effectively taken over Trumps campaign and the Republican Party.
Trump hired the head of Breitbart "News" to be CEO of his campaign. Here's a sample of their work:
Trump likes to say he only hires the "best people," but hes had to fire so many campaign managers its like an episode of the Apprentice.
Trump would ban every Muslim around the world1.5 billion men, women, and childrenfrom entering the U.S. just because of their religion.
Trump would abolish this bedrock constitutional principle: if youre born in the U.S., youre an American citizen.
Trump would form an armed deportation force to round up millions of immigrants and kick them out of the country.
Look at the policies Trump has proposedthey would put prejudice into practice. https://www.donaldjtrump.com/positions
Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president of the United States.
Someone as detached from reality as Donald Trump should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come.
Trump suggested that Ted Cruzs father was involved in the Kennedy assassination. Of course theres absolutely no evidence of that.
Trump claimed that thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey cheered the 9/11 attacks. They didnt.
When Donald Trump was asked about anti-Semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them.
Trump refused to disavow the support of David Duke, a notorious former leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
Trump famously posted an anti-Semitic graphic that first appeared on a white supremacist website.
Trump retweets white supremacists. He took a fringe bigot and spread his message to 11 million people. http://for.tn/1VzTlKm
If Donald Trump doesnt respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans?
In 2015, Trump launched his own campaign for president by describing Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals.
Trump first gained political prominence promoting the racist lie that President Obama isnt really an American.
State regulators fined one of Trumps casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers from the floor.
When Trump was getting his start in business, he was sued by the Justice Dept. for refusing to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants.
Trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters.
Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. Hes taking hate groups mainstream.
"Everywhere I go, people tell me how concerned they are by the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election." Hillary
Live from Reno: Hillary discusses why @realDonaldTrump's divisive rhetoric is so dangerous to our future  http://hrc.io/2bSzvZS
Longtime Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke supports Donald Trump because they share so many of the same values.
America has a lot to lose by electing Trump. But theres one group in particular who has everything to gain.
Why do so many Ku Klux Klan members support Trump? "A lot of what he believes, we believe in."
Thank you to the Orlando Health and Florida Hospital for showing empathy and kindness in the face of hate. -H
There's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump.
America's best idea 100 years ago is still our best idea today. Happy birthday to the @NatlParkService. #NPS100
"He is taking a hate movement mainstream. He has brought it into his campaign." Hillary to @andersoncooper on Trump
What's your volunteer personality type? Take our quiz for personalized recommendations on how to help elect Hillary:
8 things you can do *today* to help elect Hillary:
FACT: The @ClintonFdn helps 11.5 million people with HIV/AIDS worldwide get their medication.
.@hillaryclinton announced a new public health fund to fight pandemics like Zika and keep American families safe
Thinking about the people of both Italy and Myanmar as they respond to today's earthquakes. My heart goes out to the victims families. -H
Indiana organizer Hillary Rodham in 1976. Join her team: http://hrc.io/2c7Kp0W
Before @ClintinFdn, 200K people with HIV AIDS in poor countries got lifesaving anti-retroviral meds. Because of @ClintonFdn, 11.5M do now.
EpiPens can be the difference between life and death. There's no justification for these price hikes. http://hrc.io/2c7lhrs -H
A message from Hillary to young women everywhere: http://r29.co/2b9Pgyy
It's HFA Volunteer Day, and we're looking for 50,000 volunteers. Help us get therefind your friends on Facebook: http://hrc.io/2bNeMVR
We're going to fight for the ACA so kids like Jude aren't ever turned away because of a pre-existing condition.
"No matter how daunting the odds, she nevereverquits. That is the Hillary I know." @POTUS
Look WHO DID come over for lunch... Wow. #ImWithHer
Why would we give Trump's family a $4 billion tax cut when we could use that money to fix 8,000 bridges?
This fall, USPS will honor joyous Hindu Festival of #Diwali with a Forever stamp! http://go.usa.gov/xDdvV
The gender wage gap is even wider for women of color. It's time to ensure equal pay. #BlackWomensEqualPay
David Dukes show cheers Trump-Breitbart merger: We appear to have taken over the Republican Party http://www.salon.com/2016/08/22/we-appear-to-have-taken-over-the-republican-party-david-dukes-show-cheers-trump-breitbart-merger/  via @Salon
Disappointed that split 6th Cir. (2-1) OVERTURNED restoration of Golden Week. Bad for voters. Bad for voting rights.
"What I want the people of Louisiana to know is thisyoure not alone."@POTUS in Baton Rouge: http://go.wh.gov/LAflood #LAflood
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy. We should focus on supporting themnot stiffing them.
Escuchamos claramente los comentarios de Trump demonizando a los inmigrantes la primera vez, la segunda, tercera...
On average, it takes black women until today to catch up to white men's 2015 earnings. Time to close the pay gap.
When it comes to #smallbiz, it's personal for @HillaryClinton. Lessons from her dad help inspire plan:
We heard Trump's demonizing comments on immigrants loud and clear the first time. And the second, third, fourth ...
Tune in to watch Hillary on @JimmyKimmelLive, 11:35 ET/10:35 CT.
Donald Trump's economic plan is rigged so rich people like him get tax cuts at the expense of everybody else.
You can't have the best military unless folks pay their fair share in taxes, Donald.
Have a beer with @TimKaine in the second episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Listen here:
The stories behind some of the history-making women of @TeamUSA. http://hrc.io/2bIjl3F
If I have the opportunity, Ill do whatever I can to make things a little easier for you." Hillary to young women
Cheryl lost her husband in Iraq. Then Trump's company targeted her and scammed her out of $35,000.
In times of crisis, America depends on steady leadership, clear thinking, and calm judgment.
Read more of @HillaryClinton's message to young women here: http://r29.co/2bPw8Vn
Michigan is on the front lines of a manufacturing renaissance. Hillary saw it herself at Futuramics in Warren.
Trump's new "King of Debt" tax shelter means negative tax rates - meaning taxpayers pay him for high-debt projects: https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/memos/2016/08/22/memo-donald-trump-has-650-million-in-debt-and-is-linked-to-loans-from-china-and-wall-street/ 
.@TimKaine takes the mic in the latest episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Subscribe & listen here:
One wrong move can be the difference between life and death when you're president.
The best way to help Louisianans affected by terrible flooding is to make sure they have the resources they need: http://hrc.io/2bbRdVJ
"Everything I say I'm going to do, folks, I do." @realDonaldTrump Here's why that's a disaster for our economy:
This week, Donald Trump made a shockingly ignorant pitch to African American voters.
Her mastery of issues and detail is unlike any politician Ive met." @WIRED's editor-in-chief on Hillary
Hillary met with Miami doctors to discuss the public health challenge of treating and preventing Zika.
Donald Trump claims he surrounds himself with the greatest people. Check out his choice for campaign chief.
Congrats to Flint, Michigan's @ClaressaShields on her second Olympic gold medal for @TeamUSA.
Donald Trumps new message to African American voters isnt just inaccurate. Its outrageous.
If you were president, how would you spend $4 billion? (One guess as to Trump's answer: http://hrc.io/2bnhjZ8 )
There is so much more that unites us than divides us. That's why we're the greatest country on Earth.
This lifelong Republican wrote a letter to his daughter about why he's voting for Hillary this November:
It's too late now to say sorry, Donald.
If you dream it, you should be able to build it. http://hrc.io/2bCJrVK
This choice is pretty straightforward. http://hrc.io/2bCF657
Donald Trump has shown us who he is. We should believe him.
Trumps tax plan could give his own family a $4 billion tax break. Here's what we could do with that money instead:
"We don't win anymore."
Let's send Donald Trump a message in November: We're not going back.
"I don't regret anything." Donald Trump, August 2, 2016
This week, Donald Trump suddenly tried to claim that he has some "regrets." About that...
Trump says he hires the best people. This is what he means:
Trump painting the entire African American community as living in poverty with no jobs shows he's completely out of touch with us.
Trump questions the citizenship of the first black president, courts white supremacists, and has been sued for housing discrimination.
Donald Trump asks what the African American community has to lose by voting for him. The answer: everything.
There are no words.
This is so ignorant its staggering.
When the IOC introduced women's wrestling in 2004, @Helen_Maroulis dreamed of gold. Yesterday that dream came true.
When bombs rain down, they rush in. Inspired by the White Helmets & others helping those in need worldwide. #WHD
So who exactly is advising Trump on foreign policy?
Today is @BillClinton's birthday! It's not too late to sign his card here:
Why do Trump and Putin keep saying all the same things? (Hint: It's not Manafort.)
The flooding in Louisiana is worse than anyone expected, and they need our support. Here's how you can help: http://hrc.io/2bt6DZp
Clinton and Trump are confirmed to participate in a "Commander-in-chief" forum with @IAVA on @MSNBC September 7th
45 years later, I couldnt be happier to have you by my side. Happy birthday, Bill! -H
Priorities. http://hrc.io/2bh9rZk
I was honored to be a part of history at the DNC. Hillary Clinton is an inspiration for women everywhere.
Hillarys college plan will bring about a long-awaited transformation of higher education in America. Here's how:
News from Miami Beach highlighting urgency of the Zika crisis, a public health emergency. Congress needs to act now.
Congrats to @usatf's @Bri_Rollin, @ItsPooda, and @KristiHollywood on their historic podium sweep last night.
Glad to see that the Justice Department is ending the use of private prisons. This is the right step forward. -H
Even after the 19th was ratified, women of color battled to get to vote. #RosanellEaton had to take a literacy test.
Donald Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. Doing so could save his family $4 billion and 99.8% of families $0.
Donald Trump promised to release his tax returns if he ran for office. Now? "It's none of your business."
Hillary's first job was fighting for social justice at @ChildDefenderit's one of the things I admire most about her
"@Wired sees only one person running for president who can do the job: Hillary Clinton."
Don't waste it. Make sure you're registered to vote: http://IWillVote.com
Donald Trump's plan: a multi-billion dollar tax cut for himself and the wealthiest Americans
We know that giving millionaires huge tax breaks doesn't help our economy. So why would we try it again, Donald?
Does Trump actually pay his fair share in taxes? Until he releases his tax returns, voters won't know for sure.
.@HillaryClinton is the best choice for president of the United States: http://bit.ly/2aX2Tjp
At the 1988 Olympic games, Jackie Joyner-Kersee became the first woman to win gold in the long jump for @TeamUSA.
Lets make sure it does on Election Day  http://hillaryclinton.com/volunteer
Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear, and he's got a new campaign chief to match.
Donald Trump just hired the head of an extreme, right-wing "news" organization to run his campaign.
We can't let @realDonaldTrump become our next president. http://nyti.ms/2b3tfNO
Trump boasts the support of some of the most extreme voices in politics. Now one of them runs his campaign:
Hillary has concrete plans to help America succeed. Trump would...build a wall. http://hrc.io/2bErdI8
With just 83 days until Election Day, Trump hired one of the most extreme right-wing voices to run his campaign.
Trumps new campaign chief is also the guy responsible for running this fringe "news" site:
Donald Trump is still the same man who insults Gold Star families, demeans women, and mocks people with disabilities.
The Trump Loophole would let millionaires cut their tax rates in half and do nothing for 99.8% of Americans.
The choice on jobs in this election (its not a hard one). http://hrc.io/2bHMoJn
If you do your job, youre supposed to be rewarded for your work, not stiffed.
Weve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top. Too many families are feeling financial stress.
Watch live: Hillarys speaking in Cleveland about building an economy that works for everyone  http://abcn.ws/2b4HySn
One candidate would help millions of hardworking Americans. The other would only help those at the top.
Today, @Simone_Biles landed a spot in history as the first woman from @USAGym to win 4 golds. Well done, Simone!
If you were born between 1980 and 2002, Hillary has big plans to help you.
Trump's idea for a new immigration test: "Those who...support bigotry and hatred will not be admitted." Awkward.
Closely monitoring the flooding in Louisiana & Mississippi. The @RedCross is helping displaced families in need: http://rdcrss.org/2aYiT5W -H
"This man is totally, thoroughly unqualified to be president." @JoeBiden on @realDonaldTrump
Last night, @allysonfelix won her 7th Olympic medal. Congrats to the most decorated woman in the history of @USATF!
Its not just that Trump doesnt know what hes talking about when it comes to national security. His words are dangerous, and they hurt us.
Be a part of this: Get registered to vote, and ask everyone you know to register, too.
@TeamUSA is showing the world what this country stands for. I am proud of our team." Hillary in Philadelphia: http://abcn.ws/Oqq9q1
You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living doing it.
"By harnessing your energy and ideas, we can solve many of the problems we face."  @HillaryClinton
Trump's top adviser was designated $12.7 million from pro-Russia forces in Ukraine. That's the tip of the iceberg.
Donald Trump says he'll create a new test for immigrants. It's a test he'd fail.
Both candidates have laid out economic plans. See how each would impact your state:
Vice President @JoeBiden had the keys to our Instagram today. Check it out: http://instagram.com/hillaryclinton
"The place of your birth should never be a barrier." A letter to young undocumented people on DACA's anniversary:
He is a stunning ignoramus on foreign policy and national security.
The story of the Rodhams and the Bidens isn't unique. What's unique is the country where those stories were written.
On the fourth anniversary of #DACA, Juan remembers that "glass ceiling-shattering moment"
We have some questions about Donald Trump's cozy relationship with Russia.
Whenever you hear Trump talk about foreign policy, picture him in the Situation Room making decisions for all of us.
You oppose reproductive rights, support "conversion therapy," and proposed a Muslim ban.
I bet Trump himself would fail his new immigration screening test of American values. #extremevetting
In case you needed a reminder that Donald Trump doesnt know a thing about national security.
ICYMI: Donald Trump is against gay marriage.
Trump's candidacy alone is undermining our national security. Imagine if he were to become president.
"It is never, never, never ever been a good bet to bet against the United States of America." -VP Biden
Shes strong. Shes respected. Shes admired. Theres nothing that she doesnt understand about Americas place in the world." @JoeBiden
"Its a recipe for playing into the hands of terrorists and their propaganda. @JoeBiden on Trumps foreign policy rhetoric
"Trumps ideas are not only profoundly wrong, theyre dangerous and theyre very un-American. @JoeBiden
"Donald Trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country. @JoeBiden
This guy doesnt care about the middle class...he doesnt understand it. He doesnt have a clue. @JoeBiden on Donald Trump
Theres only one person in this election who will...help you, and that is Hillary Clinton. @JoeBiden
"Everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect... and America can be defined in one single word  'possibilities.' -VP Biden
"What Hillarys all about is making sure every one of youcan look your child in the eye and sayeverything is gonna be ok. @JoeBiden
No one is more worthy than you, and everyone is your equal. @JoeBiden
"Home is where your character is stamped, where its stamped into your soul. Where your values are set. @JoeBiden
As Scranton has always had my back, weall of usare going to have your back, Hillary. @JoeBiden
Take out your phone and text JOIN to 47246. Were hiring organizers right here in Pennsylvania and across the country.
Theres no doubt about itDonald Trump is temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the United States.
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust with nuclear weapons. Hillary on @realDonaldTrump
Trump says he wont tell anyone what hell do about ISIS because he wants to keep his plan secret. Well, the secret is he has no plan.
Providing a Trump Kids Club for your paying customers is not the same thing as providing real child care for your workers.
Under Trump's child care plan, hardworking families that cant afford child care in the first place would get little to no real help.
Trump wants to eliminate the Estate Tax. It would save the Trump family $4 billion, but it would do nothing for 99.8% of Americans.
Trump's called for a new tax loopholethe Trump Loophole. He'd pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies.
Donald Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.
Were going to make college debt-free for all and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt:
Under @POTUS and @JoeBiden:  Our businesses created 15 million new jobs.  20 million people have health care.
No matter what Donald Trump says, America is great, and the American Dream is big enough for everyone to share in its promise.
"No matter where life takes me I always remember I am the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a small business owner."
Joe is now leading a new Cancer Moonshot initiative to fund breakthroughs and save lives in honor of his son Beau.
Joe passionately believes in the basic bargain that makes America greatthat our economy should work for everyonenot just those at the top.
"No matter how far he travels, @JoeBiden never forgets where hes from." Hillary in Scranton
.@JoeBidens hitting the trail with Hillary in Scranton, folks. Tune in now: http://hrc.io/2aUHe6N
Four years in, DACA has helped more than 700,000 undocumented people to live without fear. Let's build on it:
If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll game America's whole tax system to make himself richer. Seriously.
Trump says, "I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me." You know what? We don't.
The senseless murders of Imam Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin are heartbreaking. This kind of heinous act has no place in America. -H
No family should have to spend more than 10% of its income on quality child care. http://hrc.io/2aSPy7o
Yesterday, @ShotDiva made Olympic history with her gold medal in women's shot put (@TeamUSA's first!).
Well said, Coach Auriemma. Keep winning, @USABasketball.
59 million Americans get help from Social Security. On its 81st anniversary, let's recommit to protecting it.
This is what @realDonaldTrump would do to your state's economy.
Farmers and ranchers are central to our economy, energy & food security. Our plan to help: http://hrc.io/2aUcEMo
The choice on jobs is pretty clear: See how your state would fare under Hillary vs. Trump.
We need to make sure every American has high-speed internet access. And we will: http://hrc.io/2aU1MOG
Press play for a preview of the new campaign podcast With Her. Stream the full episode here: http://hillaryclinton.com/podcast
As track and field begins, we're honoring Wilma Rudolph: the first U.S. woman to win 3 track golds in one Olympics.
Just released my tax returns, @realDonaldTrump. Where are yours? http://hrc.io/TaxReturns
Many people are saying Trump won't release his tax returns because he's hiding something. What do you think it is?
Wonder what Trump's hiding in his tax returns? Tap through the reel to see some of the best guesses!
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptancenot bullying and violence.
RT if you agree: Every student should learn computer science.
"We cannot succeed when half of us are held back. Education is the only solution."Malala #YouthDay
Last night, U.S. Olympic swimmer @Simone_Manuel won gold and made history.
Housing discrimination cuts right to the heart of who we are as a society. We need to do all we can to fight it:
Here's a pretty incredible fact: There is a non-zero chance that Donald Trump isn't paying *any* taxes.
Here's why Donald Trump might be refusing to release his tax returns:
You can also listen to the first episode of With Her by streaming here:
I'm doing a new podcast that will run through Election Day and @hillaryclinton is my co-host
Just launched: With Her, our official campaign podcast. Subscribe and listen to Episode 1:
Why is @realDonaldTrump refusing to release his tax returns? Some ideas:
.@TeamUSA at the White House, circa 2000. #TBT
Congrats on bringing home the gold and silver, Simone and Aly. Were all so proud of you! -H
Trump wants America to work for him and his friends. We need to build an economy that works for everyone.
The choice on climate change couldn't be more stark: http://hrc.io/2bkevy3 .
It's not just a valueit's a real plan. http://hrc.io/2aPg1Eo
.@HillaryClinton hits the Trump Loophole - his backdoor tax break for billionaires like himself. Read about it here:
Lets go out and build the future.
"One of the reasons I asked Tim Kaine to be my running mate is that he...has a record of working across the aisle."
Strengthening unions doesnt just serve their membersit leads to better pay, benefits, and working conditions for all employees.
Trump wants to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself. Instead, lets invest in our veterans, kids, schools and police.
The 400 richest taxpayers in America would get an average tax cut of more than $15 million a year from the Trump loophole.
Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. What that would mean: his family gets a $4 billion tax cut. 99.8% of Americans get nothing.
Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.
Multi-millionaires should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries:
Every employee, from the CEO suite to the factory floor, contributes to a business success, so everybody should share in the rewards.
One positive thing Trump could do to make America great again? Actually make great things in America:
If @TeamUSA was as fearful as Trump, Michael Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room. America isnt afraid to compete.
Trump may talk a big game on trade, but his approach is based on fear, not strengthfear that we cant compete with the rest of the world.
"As president, I will stand up to China and anyone else who tries to take advantage of American workers and companies." Hillary
Were going to invest in union training programs and apprenticeship programs so you can earn while you learn:
A four-year degree shouldnt be the only path to a good job. You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living.
Its not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts, but students and families cant refinance theirs.
Lets fight to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for everyone:
The people taking care of our children and our parents deserve a good wage, good benefits, and a secure retirement.
Donald Trump has spent his whole career stiffing small businesses.
Were going to invest $10 billion in Make it in America partnerships to support American manufacturing: http://hrc.io/2aPae1D
"Some country is going to be the clean energy superpower of the 21st century and create millions of jobs...I want it to be us." Hillary
Starting on day one, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.
One of the many stark choices we face in this election.
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that provides dignity, pride, and decent pay that can support a family.
We are resilient, determined, and hard-working. Theres nothing America cant do if we do it together.
When Trump visited Detroit on Monday he talked only of failure, poverty, and crime. Hes missing so much about what makes Michigan great.
Hillary is speaking live from Detroit on the economy. Dont miss it. Tune in now: http://hrc.io/2b97D4K
Anyone willing to sink so low, so often should never be allowed to serve as our Commander-in-Chief.
No, Barack Obama is not the founder of ISIS.
It can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as Donald Trump should cause it, but his smear against President Obama requires it.
Donald Trumps tax plan mostly helps...Donald Trump. And people like him at the top.
1979.
Unlike Donald Trump's, our campaign is about issuesnot insults. http://hillaryclinton.com/issues
My heart breaks for the family of the officer killed in Arkansas today. Grateful for his service to his community. -H
Our kids see the president as a role model. How will they see Donald Trump?
Who benefits from Donald Trump's "new" economic plan? Rich people like Donald Trump.
Young people face tough challenges, but they have the ability to do something about it: Vote.
We're also going to make sure future generations inherit a cleaner planetand create millions of jobs along the way.
Let's make it easier for young people to start businesses and fulfill their dreams. http://hrc.io/StudentDebt
And, unlike @realDonaldTrump, we're gonna make it easier for people who *aren't* celebrities to get apprenticeships. http://hrc.io/2bgZWeJ
Young Americans have the most to gain from Hillary's economic planand the most to lose under Trump's policies.
When you dig deeper, you see that young people of color have faced even greater challenges. That has to change.
Young people were among the hardest hit during the great recessionand the effects still linger.
Imagine how you'll feel the day after the election if we haven't joined together to chart a course of optimism.
"I am humbled and moved by the Republicans who are willing to stand up and say that Donald Trump does not represent their values. Hillary
Donald Trump has spent his career stiffing small businesses, refusing to pay them what theyre owed.
When they have student debt, well put a three year moratory on that so they can start their own businesses!@HillaryClinton
We can be the clean energy superpower of the 21st Century.
We are living off of the infrastructure built by our parents and grandparents. Its overdue for upgrades:
Were going to make the biggest investment in good-paying jobs since World War II:
Hillary's talking about the economy in Des Moines. Tune in now to watch:
If you're a millionaire, you'll do great under Trump's economic plan. Everyone else? Well... Take a look:
"The time has come for Republicans...to repudiate Mr. Trump once and for all." @nytimes
David's letter to his daughter about why he can't support Donald Trump really hits home.
Our kids are watching, Donald.
.@realDonaldTrump might astound Americans on a routine basis, but we must draw a line between political speech & suggestions of violence.
Welcome back, Madame Secretary. Hillary heads back to Des Moines this Wednesday. RSVP: http://hrc.io/2aVLWSQ .
"A person seeking to be the President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way."
Heres the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.
How can we prevent the spread of Zika in the U.S.? Hillary and @TimKaine respond on @Quora: http://hrc.io/2ay3urG
Donald Trump's economic plan is a bad deal for working familiesand a big tax cut for Donald Trump.
Trump's trickle-down economic plan: big giveaways for those at the top at the expense of everyone else.
Thank you to the more than 2 million people who have donated to this campaign. Chip in now to join them:
50 GOP officials sign a letter declaring that Trump would be the most reckless president in American history
Presidential & VP candidates @HillaryClinton & @timkaine are now answering in their Session! https://www.quora.com/session/Clinton-Kaine-2016/1 
Even @realDonaldTrump's childcare plan gives billionaires w/ a nanny a tax break while millions of low-income households get nothing.
.@realDonaldTrump's econ plan was written by rich corporate insider advisors to make the economy even greater for rich corporate insiders.
Last night, swimmer @KatieLedecky won gold and broke her own world record in the 400m freestyle. Congrats, Katie!
Just imagine Donald Trump in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. We cant afford that kind of risk.
Donald Trump is not only putting our national security at riskhes putting our economy at risk.
Were going to make sure the wealthy pay their fair share in taxes for a change:
Donald Trump's plan is just a repackaging of trickle-down economicsand it doesnt help our economy or the vast majority of Americans.
We've got to stand up against climate deniers. There isn't a problem we can't solve if we put our minds to it:
Watch live as Hillary stops in St. Petersburg, Florida, for a campaign rally on the choice we face on the economy: http://hrc.io/2b3L3M0
Answer by @HillaryClinton on her plans for her first 100 days in office if elected https://www.quora.com/What-does-Hillary-Clinton-plan-on-doing-during-her-first-100-days-in-office-if-elected/answer/Hillary-Clinton?ref=t_page 
Here's what people with actual "tremendous business success" say about Donald Trump.
.@realDonaldTrump has an economic plan...to cut the pay of hardworking UAW members. http://bit.ly/2aUwY1a #NeverTrump
Creating jobs  it's what Democrats do. In 3 months, let's elect another one: http://bit.ly/2aFeMWa
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, it is absurd to provide huge tax breaks to the very rich.
"Clintons economic policies...will result in a stronger U.S. economy. Mark Zandi, John McCain's economic advisor
Today's bombing of a hospital in Pakistan is despicable. We have to stand up against terror and come together to prevent these attacks. -H
In Rio, Olympic fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad became the first American Muslim athlete to compete while wearing a hijab.
When you're comparing Hillary's and Trump's economic plans, there are two numbers you need to know.
"I don't know another businessman that brags about his bankruptcies." @WarrenBuffett on Trump:
WATCH: This special 360 degree video allows you to experience the magic of the @DemConvention balloon drop: http://hrc.io/360
"She doesn't just see one America. She sees all of America & knows that we need all of us." @CoryBooker on Hillary
We have some questions about @realDonaldTrump's cozy relationship with Russia.
In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it.
We're live on Facebook giving a demo of our Hillary for America mobile app. Tune in to get an inside look: http://hrc.io/2axviYW .
The NRA is based in Virginia, but that's never stopped @TimKaine from leading the fight to reduce gun violence.
No one wants to earn a Purple Heart. But to those who did, you have America's unending gratitude and admiration. Thank you. #PurpleHeartDay
Donald Trump's no good, horrible, very bad week.
Laurie Hernandez is the first U.S.-born Latina on the Olympic gymnastics team since '84. Good luck! #ImWithHernandez
Proud to celebrate Nat. Purple Heart Day today. Thank you to my fellow vets & service members for your sacrifice.
In honor of our Weekend of Action, read why Jasmine Smalls (@ajazzyworld) is a proud member of Team #VirWINia.
"She will deliver on the most important duty of a presidentkeeping our nation safe." Michael Morell on Hillary
Three-time world all-around champion @Simone_Biles is set to make history at the Olympics. Good luck, Simone!
On the issues, theres no comparison in terms of thoughtfulness, thoroughness, and practicality." @HoustonChron
So proud of you, Karla.
#sendDonaldtospace @JeffBezos Trump's peer reviews are dismal:
45 reasons why Trump should never be presidentjust from this week alone.
Seriously, what is going on with Trump and Russia?
This is what I saw while photographing @HillaryClinton, @POTUS and more at the #DemConvention.
The right to vote is at the heart of our democracy, and a weakened VRA threatens that right for too many. It's time to #RestoreTheVRA.
Why the @HoustonChron is urging voters to support Hillary in the starkest political choice in living memory:
Why do Trumps foreign policy ideas read like a Putin wish list?
Four years ago today.
 so yeah, it's been quite a week for Donald Trump.
Here's the story behind our campaign's first braille button: http://hrc.io/2aCaDEm .
Deeply concerned by raid on #ugpride2016. Many detained, incl. @Frankmugisha. LGBT citizens deserve protection.
America is stronger when we expand access to the ballot box, not restrict it. It's time to #RestoreTheVRA.
Four gold medals and counting: Today, @SerenaWilliams hits the court in Rio to add to her collection.
At the Paris 1900 games, golfer Margaret Abbott became the first American woman to win an Olympic gold medal.
Ready for the opening ceremony. U.S.A! U.S.A!
Trump just said he doesnt throw babies out of his rallies... Lets review the record.
"We have never had a candidate that was more qualified to take the office of president." @POTUS on Hillary
America is going to see what VP Biden already knows  just how much @HillaryClinton cares about our country.
This week, Trump attacked a fallen soldier's family, called Hillary "the devil," and criticized a crying baby.
Stronger Together comes out in Septa book on Hillary's policy plans and vision for America: http://hrc.io/2azHTfR
Republicans agree: We can't give Donald Trump control of our nuclear codes.
"We have to reject and stand up against the appeals to the kind of bigotry...that we see from Trumps campaign." Hillary #NABJNAHJ16
l dice que no se puede confiar en un distinguido juez porque tiene herencia mexicanaHillary sobre Trump.
We launched an all-Spanish Twitter account, @Hillary_esp, because we believe in bringing as many people as possible into this conversation.
I believe with all my heart that America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump. Hillary
Trump retweets white nationalists. He talks about banning Muslims. And yes, he talks about curtailing press freedom as well.
Trump is harkening back to the most shameful chapters of our history and appealing to the ugliest impulses of our society.
Its past time for comprehensive immigration reform, and were going to do everything we can to get it done:
Weve got to help every family afford the books, computers, and internet access that our kids need to learn in the 21st century.
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus. Now weve got to expand economic opportunity so everyone can afford the fare.
The Great Recession hit our whole country hard, but the toll was especially hard on black and Latino families.
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live with the @NABJ and the @NAHJ: http://cs.pn/2aGkuYE
"Trump is not only unqualified for the job, but he may well pose a threat to our national security." Michael Morell
Good news: Our businesses have added 15 million jobs over the past 77 months  http://go.wh.gov/JulyJobs
Our first-ever gold medal-winning women's gymnastics team: the Magnificent Seven.
We don't know why Trump and Putin praise each other so much and share many foreign policies. We'll let you guess.
Watch an exclusive interview with @POTUS backstage at the Democratic Convention.
None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country alone. It takes a village.
We know a guy with a binder, @realDonaldTrump. (He might not take your calls, though.)
Obama on whether Trump could be trusted with US nuclear weapons: "Make your own judgment" http://cnnpolitics.com
Obama: "I obviously have very strong opinions about the two candidates running. One is very positive. The other one is not so much."
Wish @POTUS a happy birthday. Sign his card: http://hrc.io/2axcdHG
You saw the Democratic Convention. Now, watch the never-before-seen footage from backstage:
"If you're not registered, and you're eligible as an American citizen, please go sign up." Hillary in Nevada:
Anyone who you can provoke with a tweet should not be anywhere near nuclear weapons:
Donald Trump is not qualified to be president, and he is temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
"We're going to work to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II" Hillary
Every week, @realDonaldTrump hits a new low.
Most of Trump's merchandise is MADE IN (just about everywhere except) THE USA.
"Thats what 21st century feminism is about: The idea that when everybody is equal, we are all more free." @POTUS
What our economy needs: The largest investment in creating good-paying jobs since World War II.
Happy birthday, @POTUS.
The @HoustonChron almost always backs the GOP nominee for president. Heres why they endorsed Hillary in 2016:
We have the most productive and competitive workers in the world. We just need to give them a chance to succeed.
"I will take on the gun lobby for commonsense gun safety reform. Hillary:
We are setting a goal to register 3 million more American citizens to vote:
As president I will defend and protect Americas public lands.
Anyone who can be provoked by a tweet shouldnt be anywhere near nuclear weapons.
"There is no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump is unqualified and unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Hillary
The RNC showed a negative, pessimistic view of America: That is not who we are. Do we have challenges? Sure. Can we meet them? Absolutely!
"We gotta make this economy work for everybody, not just those at the top. Hillary
"I was Capt. Khans commander in Iraq. The Khan family is our family." http://wapo.st/2aSBPCZ via @PostOpinions
Trump: "I love war, in a certain way."
Trump thinks it's too hard to make his products in America, so we went and found 100 US manufacturers he could use.
Donald Trump's message to workers: You're fired.
Making our economy work for everyone starts by making sure those at the top pay their fair share in taxes.
If Trump is serious about "making America great again," he should start by making his products in America.
Lincoln: "War, at its best, is terrible." Trump: "I love war." How Trump's words compare to former presidents':
22 memorable moments from the Democratic Convention that you probably missed: http://hrc.io/2ati7HH
Just 98 days until Election Day. Here are 98 things that depend on the choice we make on November 8:
If @realDonaldTrump wants to be the Commander in Chief, he needs to act like one. And that cant start until he apologizes to the Khans.
.@realdonaldtrump, this is how one usually looks when you are awarded the Purple Heart. Nothing easy about it.
An important step forward on pay equity in Massachusetts. Women deserve equal pay across our nation.
No, this seriously happened...
First Trump attacked the Hotel Roanoke. Then a Gold Star VA family. Today, he kicked a baby out of a VA rally. Virginia is not for haters!
Under Trump, our economy would lose 3.5 million jobs. Hillary's plan would create 10.4 millionin one term alone.
All Kauveri wanted for her seventh birthday was to meet Hillary (and a Star Wars Lego set). She got both!
President Obama strongly rebukes Donald Trump: He is "unfit to serve as president" http://cnn.it/2aiQrFW
This from a man who says hes sacrificed for our country.
The #DemConvention painted a bright picture of Americafilled with diversity, love & hope. The RNC was...different.
12 moments from the past week that will make you proud to be a Democrat:
Wonderful: Men at #DemConvention describe what electing a woman president means to them http://ti.me/2apgkpg #ImWithHer
.@realDonaldTrump, when someone puts in the work, you are supposed to pay them.
A former McCain advisor says Hillary's policies "will result in a stronger U.S. economy under almost any scenario."
Barack, Michelle, Joe, Bernie, Elizabeth, Bill, Tim, Hillary, and more: Watch the best moments from the DNC.
Road trip: Tag along on Hillary and @TimKaine's bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania  http://hrc.io/2aILvxV
Trump wants to be our Commander-in-Chief. Here's how he's treated veterans thus far:
JUST IN: World's 4th richest person, Warren Buffett, challenges Trump to release his taxes. "I'm under audit too."
Cheryl's husband died serving our country. Trump's company scammed her out of money she needed for her family.
.@IAFFLocal5 responds to @realDonaldTrump attack over the weekend. @LauraWalkerKC @JakeSherman @TheFix
Hello, Virginia! After an exciting week on the trail with @HillaryClinton, I'm so happy to be home. -TK
Why not carrier pigeons, @realDonaldTrump?
"No oneno onehas given more for our freedom and security than our Gold Star families." @POTUS at @DAVHQ http://go.wh.gov/M6yd9A
17 Gold Star families write to Trump: Ours is a sacrifice you will never know. (via @votevets)
.@FLOTUS brought the house down. A Muslim family reminded us what America is about. We shattered a glass ceiling.
Kind of assumed Trump's approach would be more RT if by land, like if by sea.
Watch backstage as Hillary, @TimKaine, and their families listen to the benediction to close out the DNC.
Meet another Gold Star family with some personal perspective on Donald Trump:
Your courage is inspiring, Mrs. Khanand youre right.
Do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, in all the places we can, for all the people we can.
The @HoustonChron endorsed @MittRomney in 2012. Here's why they're endorsing Hillary in 2016:
Road trip.
Hes also made clear hes fully committed to Hillary's policy agenda, which he understands includes repeal of Hyde.
She is a Gold Star mother, she is Muslim, and she has some words for Donald Trump. http://wapo.st/2aIEM5H
Thank you, @JoeBiden.
Hillary is "guided by the sacrifice" of those that give their life to this country. Trump denigrates their families
Sarah McBride, the first trans person to speak at a party convention: "Despite our progress, so much work remains."
Their paths may vary, but their call is the same. Meet the women of the U.S. Senate:
There's only one way to talk about Gold Star parents: with honor and respect. Capt. Khan is a hero. Together, we should pray for his family.
A night to remember.
The American people have always made this country great.
Captain Khan and his family represent the best of America, and we salute them.
Our Commander-in-Chief shouldnt insult and deride our generals, retired or otherwise. That really should go without saying.
Donald Trump says he wants to "make America great again." Well, he could start by actually making things in America.
We're going to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II:
Donald Trump spoke for 75 minutes and offered zero solutions. Hillary on Trumps convention speech:
I dont think President Obama & Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving the American economy.
Americans dont say: I alone can fix it. We say: Ok, how are we going to fix this together?
Dont believe anyone who says I alone can fix it. Those were actually Donald Trumps words at the Republican convention in Cleveland.
We have the most productive workers in the world. We just need to give our people a chance to succeed:
"On Thursday, I was incredibly grateful and humbled to accept the Democratic Partys nomination." Hillary
Listen in from Johnstown, PA as Hillary and @TimKaine discuss innovation and manufacturing: http://hrc.io/2aF9PSP
Incredibly proud of Hillary and so happy to join her and Tim on the trail this week.
Get live updates from Hillary and @TimKaine's bus tour  http://hrc.io/2aF0KsP
Today in 1965, Pres Johnson signed Medicare & Medicaid into law. We must protect & strengthen these critical programs. That's why #ImWithHer
When any barrier falls in America, it clears the way for everyone.
Watch: #KhizrKhan asks Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan to repudiate Trump. Tune in to @TheLastWord for the interview
If you want to see the best of America, you need look no further than the example set by Army Captain Humayun Khan.
Hillary accepted the Democratic nomination for president on Thursday. (There were balloons.) http://hrc.io/2aj11Cr
Donald Trump has painted a dark, divisive picture of America. We have 102 days to stop him from becoming president.
Headlines for the history books. http://hrc.io/2aDsTAS
With the first local transmission of Zika in FL, its even more critical for Republicans to stop blocking action:
Big victory for democracy as the 4th Circuit just struck down a NC voter discrimination law. Lets keep fighting to make voting easier. -H
Capt. Khan embodied the best of our values when his actions saved his unit. Last night, his parents told his story:
Contrary to Donald Trump, I believe every time we knock down a barrier in America, it liberates everyone in America. Hillary
"We've got to make this economy work for everyone, not just those at the top." Hillary:
"Our Founders came together to create one nation because they knew what we know: We are stronger together." Hillary
As of tomorrow, we have 100 days to make our case to America. So what better place to kick off this campaign than where it all started?"
"This has been such an exciting...week! We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton & the man of hope, Barack Obama."
Hillary & @TimKaine take the stage in Philadelphia at their first campaign rally as the official Democratic ticket: http://hrc.io/2aCOpFF
We share this basic belief: Do all the good you can and serve one another. That's what this election is about.
"Lets look to the future with courage and confidence. Lets build a better tomorrow for our beloved children."
The next presidentand her husband.
Let's go win this, together.
Thank you.
Great speech. She's tested. She's ready. She never quits. That's why Hillary should be our next @POTUS. (She'll get the Twitter handle, too)
In America, were always stronger together.
"Yes, the world is watching what we do. Yes, America's destiny is ours to choose. So let's be stronger together my fellow Americans!"
"We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day. And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right"
"She never let me back down from any challenge...she was right. You have to stand up to bullies." Hillary on advice from her mom, Dorothy
Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer, fairer, and stronger. None of uscan do it alone. Hillary
Enough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change, hes offering empty promises. Hillary
Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it. Hillary
Lets put ourselves in the shoes of young black & Latino people who face the effects of systemic racism and feel their lives are disposable.
"I refuse to believe we can't find common ground here. We have to heal the divides in our country. Hillary
We need to start listening to each other. Hearing each other. Walking in each others shoes.
"I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place. Hillary
"If were serious about keeping our country safe, we also cant afford to have a president whos in the pocket of the gun lobby." Hillary
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." Hillary
"Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign...Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis."
"A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country." Hillary
"Donald Trump says, and this is a quote, 'I know more about ISIS than the generals do.' No, Donald, you don't. Hillary
"I'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement. Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments" Hillary
"Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority. Hillary
"Donald Trump says he wants to make America great againwell, he could start by actually making things in America again." Hillary
"Please explain to me what part of America First leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan."
"Remember what the president said last night: Dont boo, vote! Hillary:
"In Atlantic Cityyou will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills" Hillary
"If you believe that every man, woman & child in America has the right to affordable health care, join us! Hillary
"If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card, then deal me in! Hillary
Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks. In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to do it. Hillary
"Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all." Hillary
If you believe that your working mother, wife, sister, or daughter deserve equal pay, join us! Hillary
"If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own heath care decisions, join us! Hillary
"If you believe that companies should share profits with their workers, not pad executive bonuses, join us." Hillary
"Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together, and its the right thing to do." Hillary
"When we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out."
"I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs." Hillary
"Its wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other." Hillary
We'll pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United! Hillary
With your help, I will carry all of your voices with us to the White House! Hillary
"I believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should." Hillary
"My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States."
Democrats, we are the party of working people. Hillary
"When any barrier falls in America, for anyone, it clears the way for everyone...when there are no ceilings, the skys the limit." Hillary
"Weve reached a milestone...the first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president." Hillary
"I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. For the struggling, the striving and the successfulfor all Americans."
"Its true: I sweat the details of policy...because its not just a detail if its your kid, if its your family. Its a big deal."
"Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws." Hillary
"No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up." Hillary
"I accept your nomination for president of the United States! Hillary
"Through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part." Hillary
"It is with humility, determination, and boundless confidence in Americas promise that I accept your nomination for president!" Hillary
"'Stronger Together is...not just a slogan for our campaign. Its a guiding principle for the country weve always been." Hillary
"None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone. Hillary #StrongerTogether
"Americans dont say, 'I alone can fix it.' They say, Well fix it together! Hillary
"Dont believe anyone who says 'I alone can fix it. Yes, those were actually Donald Trumps words in Cleveland." Hillary
Dont let anyone tell you that our country is weakwere not. Dont let anyone tell you we dont have what it takeswe do.
"We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. We have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had." Hillary
"We will not ban a religionwe will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism." Hillary
"We will not build a wallinstead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one." Hillary
FDR came up with the perfect rebuke to Donald Trump more than 80 years ago: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
"He's taken the Republican Party a long way, from 'Morning in America to 'Midnight in America. Hillary on Trump
"We heard Donald Trumps answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide us...He wants us to fear the future and fear each other."
We have to decide whether were going to work together so we can all rise together. Hillary
"Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together. Hillary
@BernieSanders, youve put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong. Hillary
"To all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you." Hillary on @BernieSanders
"I want to thank Bernie Sanders. Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans. Hillary
"For those of you out there who are just getting to know @TimKaine...he'll make the whole country proud as our vice president." Hillary
"We heard from@JoeBiden. He spoke from his big heart about our partys commitment to working people." Hillary
"America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership, and I am better because of his friendship." Hillary
We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton. And the man of hope, Barack Obama. Hillary
"Bill, that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago, it is still going strong. Hillary
"Chelsea, thank you. I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman youve become." Hillary
"Regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me. @ChelseaClinton
"Mom, Grandma would be so, so proud of you tonight. @ChelseaClinton
This November, Im voting for a womanwho knows womens rights are human rightshere at home and around the world. @ChelseaClinton
"People ask me all the time: How does she do it?Heres how: Its because she never, ever forgets who shes fighting for. @ChelseaClinton
"She always feels like there isnt a moment to lose because she knows that for that mother, for that family, there isnt. @ChelseaClinton
So proud.
"Im here as a proud American, a proud Democrat, a proud mother, and tonight, in particular, a very, very proud daughter. @ChelseaClinton
Getting ready.
"That's rightI love Hillary too." @KatyPerry
About to head out and accept your nomination for president. Im so grateful to everyone who made this moment possible. -H
Get the latest from the #DemConvention floor before Hillary takes the stage:
Watch live: Get an exclusive look at the @DemConvention before Hillary officially accepts the nomination  http://hrc.io/2ayD34e
"Some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative, they are right vs. wrong." Rev. William Barber
"When Flint's water poisons its children, it hurts all of us. These are our children." @JenGranholm
A night we'll never forget.
"That's a bunch of malarkey!" @JoeBiden, holding exactly nothing back last night.
"I'm living through history, and my mom and my grandma are finally getting to see it as well." Ebony, 21, NC
It's all happening. Tune in for an exclusive look at the #DemsInPhilly as Hillary officially accepts the nomination.
Her words gave me strength during one of the toughest tests of my life. @Clairecmc on Hillary
You better listen to @RepCleaver  @HillaryClinton won't stay throwed. #DemsInPhilly
Al igual que Hillary... he luchado toda mi vida por los derechos humanos, mujeres, trabajadores @DoloresHuerta.
Thanks to all who watched and all who fight for LGBT rights. Here are my #DemConvention remarks! #DemsInPhilly
It was the honor of my life to accept the Democratic nomination for vice president. I won't let you down.
Watch Michael Bloomberg sum up a whole lot about that's wrong with Donald Trump in less than a minute:
"No matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock her down, she never, ever quits." @POTUS
Ready to pass the baton.
On day three, the #DemsInPhilly officially welcomed @TimKaine to the ticketand @POTUS brought down the house:
"I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me. I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.
To: @POTUS From: All of us
We love you back, @POTUS.
"Thank you for this incredible journey. Lets keep it going. God bless the United States of America!" @POTUS
"Im asking you to join me, to reject cynicism...to summon whats best in us; to elect Hillary Clinton as the next president @POTUS
"America, you have vindicated that hope these past eight years. And now Im ready to pass the baton. @POTUS
Youre who I was talking about twelve years ago, when I talked about hope. @POTUS
"Tonight, I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me. I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me. @POTUS
"We dont fear the future; we shape it, we embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own. @POTUS
Democracy isnt a spectator sport. America isnt about 'yes he will.' Its about 'yes we can. @POTUS
"Hillary Clinton is that woman in the arena. Shes been there for us, even if we havent always noticed." @POTUS
"There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president." @POTUS
"We all need to get out and vote for Democrats up and down the ticket, and then hold them accountable until they get the job done. @POTUS
"Democracy works, America, but we gotta want itnot just during an election year, but all the days in between. @POTUS
The American Dream is something no wall will ever contain. @POTUS
"She knows that for progress to happen, we have to listen to each other, and see ourselves in each other. @POTUS on Hillary
"America has never been about what one person says hell do for us. Its always been about what can be achieved by us, together. @POTUS
"Thats who we are. Thats our birthright. The capacity to shape our own destiny." @POTUS
"Ronald Reagan called America 'a shining city on a hill.' Donald Trump calls it 'a divided crime scene' that only he can fix.'" @POTUS
"America is already great. America is already strong & I promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on Donald Trump. @POTUS
"Meanwhile, Donald Trump calls our military a disasterhe suggests America is weak. @POTUS
"She is fit and she is ready to be the next Commander-in-Chief. @POTUS on Hillary
"I know Hillary wont relent until ISIL is destroyed. @POTUS
"Hillary Clinton is respected around the world, not just by leaders, but by the people they serve. @POTUS
Then theres Donald Trump. Hes not really a plans guy, not really a facts guy either. @POTUS
"Don't boo, vote! @POTUS
Tim Kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone I know. He will be a great vice president. @POTUS
There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America. @POTUS
"No matter how daunting the odds. No matter how much people try to knock her down. She never, ever quits." @POTUS on Hillary
She sat with me in the Situation Room and forcefully argued in favor of the mission that took out Osama bin Laden @POTUS on Hillary
Nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Officebut Hillarys been in the room; shes been part of those decisions. @POTUS
She was doing everything I was, but just like Ginger Rogers, it was backwards in heels. @POTUS on the 2008 election
A leader with real plans to break down barriers,...the next president of the United States Hillary Clinton. @POTUS
"What I see is Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together. @POTUS
As Ive traveled this countrywhat Ive also seen, more than anything, is what is right with America. @POTUS
"The America I know is full of courage, and optimism, and ingenuity. The America I know is decent and generous. @POTUS
What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other. @POTUS on last weeks GOP convention
This is not your typical electionthis is a more fundamental choice about...whether we stay true to this great American experiment @POTUS
"Were not done perfecting our union or living up to our founding creedthat all of us are created equal. @POTUS
We still have more work to do. More work to do for every American still in need of a good job or a raise. @POTUS
By so many measures, our country is stronger and more prosperous than it was when we started. @POTUS
America learned that love has no limits, and marriage equality is now a reality across the land. @POTUS
"We brought more of our troops home to their families, and we delivered justice to Osama bin Laden." @POTUS
"After a century of trying, we declared that health care in America is not a privilege for a few. It is a right for everybody. @POTUS
"I stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you I am even more optimistic about the future" @POTUS
"I was so young that first time in Boston...maybe a little nervous addressing such a big crowd, but I was filled with faith. @POTUS
"Twelve years ago tonight, I addressed this convention for the very first time." @POTUS
Fired up, ready to go!
"Hillary is ready. Ready to fight. Ready to win. Ready to lead." @TimKaine
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth. @TimKaine
Hillary's ready because of her heart. She's ready because of her experience. She's ready because she knows we're stronger together.
"We better elect the candidate who's proven she can be trusted with the job. The candidate whos proven shes ready for the job." Tim
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth."
Thousands of Trump University students believed Donald Trump when he said he would help them succeed. They all got stiffed.
"Hillary has a passion for kids and families. Donald Trump has a passion, too. It's himself!" @TimKaine
Remember Karla, the little girl we heard from on Monday who feared her parents would be deported? She trusts Hillary to keep them together.
"Republican senators...once they've made sure nobody is listening, will tell you how fantastic a senator that Hillary Clinton was. Tim
I had to steer my state through the deepest recession since the 1930s, but hey, tough times don't lasttough people do. Tim
"Aprend los valores del pueblo: fe, familia y trabajo. Los mismos valores de la comunidad latina aqu en nuestro pas"@timkaine en espaol
"If any of you are looking for that Party of Lincoln, we've got a home for you right here in the Democratic Party!" Tim
"I took a year off law school to volunteer with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras. I taught kids welding & carpentry."
"I humbly accept my party's nomination to be vice president of the United States!" Tim
"I want to thank my beautiful wife Anne and my three wonderful children: Nat, Woody and Annella." Tim
"The richest thing about Donald Trump is his hypocrisy." @MikeBloomberg
"Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television, this is reality!" @MikeBloomberg
"The bottom line is Trump is a risky, reckless, and radical choice, and we can't afford to make that choice." @MikeBloomberg
"Trump says he wants to run the nation like hes run his business. God help us!" @MikeBloomberg
"I believe we need a president who is a problem solver, not a bomb thrower." @MikeBloomberg
"I built a business, and I didnt start it with a $1 million check from my father. @MikeBloomberg on Donald Trump
"We must unite around the candidate who can defeat a dangerous demagogue." @MikeBloomberg on the stakes in this race
"I believe it is an imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States. @MikeBloomberg
He says he cares about the middle class? Give me a break. Thats a bunch of malarkey!" @JoeBiden on Donald Trump
"We do not scare easily. We never bow. We never bend. We never break when confronted with crisis. @JoeBiden
A man who seeks to sow division in America for his own gainwe simply cannot let that happen as Americansperiod. @JoeBiden on Trump
"No major party nominee in the history of this nation has known less or been less prepared to deal with...national security" Biden on Trump
Trump "doesnt have a clue about the middle class He has no clue about what makes America great. Actually, he has no clueperiod." Biden
He says he cares about the middle class? Give me a break. Thats a bunch of malarkey." @JoeBiden on Donald Trump
"His lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in the phrasehes proud he made famous'youre fired.'" @JoeBiden on Donald Trump
"Theres only one person in this race who will be there, whos always been therethats Hillary Clinton's lifes story" @JoeBiden
"We all understand what it will mean for our daughters and granddaughters when Hillary Clinton walks into the Oval Office." @JoeBiden
"Hillary understands that a college loan is about a lot more than getting a qualified child an education." @JoeBiden
"Everybody knows shes smart. Everybody knows shes tough. But I know what shes passionate aboutI know Hillary." @JoeBiden
Hes become a brother to Jill and meand Michelleyou are incredible. @JoeBiden on @POTUS and @FLOTUS
"Every day were grateful to Barack and Michelle for asking us to join them on this incredible journey. @JoeBiden
Watch night three of #DemsInPhilly live on Facebook as @JoeBiden, @TimKaine, and @POTUS take the stage  http://hrc.io/2avGTLA
"He knows at its best, politics is always a matter of the heart. @DrBiden on @JoeBiden
What the world needs now is love.
What matters in politics is if you can deliver resultsand Hillary gets results. Grateful for the chance to serve.
I've seen Hillary in the Senate & the Situation Room. Clear-eyed. Steady. Understands working people. Exactly the leadership we need. Joe
Its good to be back, folks. We've got less than 4 months until Election Day, and I need you with me. Let's go elect some Democrats. Joe
"Speaking is difficult for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President. @GabbyGiffords
"In the White House, she will stand up to the gun lobby. Thats why I'm voting for Hillary! @GabbyGiffords
"In Congress, I learned a powerful lesson: Strong women get things done. @GabbyGiffords
"As president, she will do what is right for our nation, not what is politically expedient. @ShuttleCDRKelly on Hillary
We say their names, but that is not enough @ImAngelaBassett on the victims of gun violence
"I would give every single day that I have left for just one more day with my mom." Erica Smegielski
"Im here without my mother while too many politicians cower behind the gun lobby. Erica Smegielski #StopGunViolence
It is time to take Washington back from the gun lobby! @ChrisMurphyCT
We have had #enough of the unrelenting gun violence in America. It's time for us to fight back, together. #ImWithHer
Text LAWS to 47246 to learn about the dangerous loopholes in our gun laws and get the information you need to help reduce gun violence.
There is no reason to feel helpless about the horrifying trajectory of cascading massacresWe can change this. @ChrisMurphyCT
She stood up to the NRA, and Hillary Clinton pledged to take Washington back from the gun lobby. @ChrisMurphyCT #DemsInPhilly
Thank you, Christine. We're all standing by your side.
Christine Leinonen is a symbol of strength for all Americans, especially #LGBT people. My heart is with her and her son, Drew. #Pulse
"Trump says global warming is a hoax. I say Trump is a fraud. @JerryBrownGov #DemsInPhilly
From her first day in office, President Hillary Clinton will do whats needed to combat climate change. @JerryBrownGov #DemsInPhilly
While Trump talks and talks and talks, Hillary does stuff. She fights for us on the big issues.@JerryBrownGov #DemsInPhilly
"Its time to put a bully, racist in his place and a tough woman in hersthe White House!" @MartinOMalley
"I am here to tell you that Hillary Clinton is as tough as they come." @MartinOMalley #DemsInPhilly
"Maybe one day she'll look back and say, 'I was there...when we nominated our first female president.'" Janet, NMI
Just tuning into tonight's action? Watch the livestream at https://www.demconvention.com/live/ #DemsinPhilly #DNCinPHL
"Republicans want to tear down the pillars of middle-class security. We wont let that happen!" @SenatorReid
"Middle-class families fighting to give your kids a better life: Democrats stand in your corner." @SenatorReid #DemsInPhilly
"Hillary Clinton may be our 1st woman president. But she will not be our last. Once that barrier falls, it will never... be put back up."
"This is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. What happened in Flint is immoral." Hillary
The story of Bill and Hillary, in photos: http://hrc.io/2aaGTOW
So proud to tell #DemsInPhilly last night why @HillaryClinton is still the best darn changemaker I've ever known.
Daniel Driffin is the first speaker living with HIV to take the #DemConvention stage in 12 years
"I trust Hillary because...I've seen her lifelong devotion to our nation's children." @FLOTUS
Last night, we put the biggest crack yet in that highest, hardest glass ceiling. Here are the highlights:
"She is still the best darn change maker I have ever known. @BillClinton on Hillary
People are sharing photos of their grandmas celebrating Hillary Clintons nomination http://bzfd.it/2axx80t
"Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because shes spent a lifetime doing it." @BillClinton
Taking it all in.
A young girl asked Hillary, "Do you think when you're president, you'll be paid as much as a man?"
"The first time that a major presidential candidate has actively encouraged a foreign power to conduct espionage."
A few thoughts from @FLOTUS that seem particularly relevant right now.
.@realDonaldTrump the Hotel Roanoke AC is fine & you should pay them for it. You're the one who brought the hot air! http://hrc.io/2a9IBQG
History made.
"What I admire most about Hillary is that she never buckles under pressure." @FLOTUS http://www.snappytv.com/tc/2445684 #DemsInPHL
We just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet. Hillary
Hillary Clinton will be our first woman president. And she will be a great president." Meryl Streep
WATCH: me + friends supporting @HillaryClinton @DemConvention #StrongerTogether #DemsinPhilly
Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she spent a lifetime doing it. @BillClinton
"She is still the best darn changemaker I have ever known. @BillClinton on Hillary
"How do you square the things I told you with the picture the Republicans painted of their opponent in Cleveland? You cant." @BillClinton
"She launched a team to fight back against terrorists online and built a new global counter-terrorism effort. @BillClinton
She backed President Obamas decision to go after Osama bin Laden. @BillClinton on Hillary
"She flew all night from Cambodia to the Middle East to get a ceasefire to avoid a shooting war between Hamas and Israel." @BillClinton
"NY elected her to the seat once held by another outsider, Robert Kennedy. She didnt let him down. @BillClinton on Hillarys Senate run
Shes a changemaker. Thats what she does. @BillClinton on Hillary helping 8 million kids get health coverage
This woman had never been satisfied with the status quo. She always wants to move the ball forward. @BillClinton on Hillary
"Shes insatiably curious, shes a natural leader, shes a good organizer, and shes the best darn changemaker Ive seen. @BillClinton
Looks to me like we elected the wrong Clinton. an Arkansas judge on Hillarys work on rural education as first lady of Arkansas
Hillary opened my eyes to a whole new world of public service. @BillClinton
"It was the greatest moment of my life...and the...conviction that my daughter had the best mother in the world Bill on Chelsea being born
I married my best friend. I was still in awe ofhow smart and strong and loving and caring she was. @BillClinton on Hillary
"Hillary enjoyed teaching, encouraging her students to believe in themselves and their potential. @BillClinton
She never made fun of people with disabilities. She tried to empower them based on their abilities. @BillClinton on Hillary
"Then she went down to South Texasand registered Mexican-American voters. @BillClinton on Hillary
"She became so involved in childrens issues that she...took an extra year in law school, working at the Child Study Center. @BillClinton
"Knowing her was one of Hillarys greatest gifts to me. @BillClinton on Hillarys mother, Dorothy Rodham
"I asked her to take a walk with me to the Yale Art Museum. Weve been walking and talking and laughing together ever since. @BillClinton
"I was so impressed and surprised that, whether you believe it or not, I was momentarily speechless. @BillClinton on meeting Hillary
In the spring of 1971 I met a girl. The first time I saw her we were...in a class on Political and Civil Rights. @BillClinton on Hillary
You wont want to miss this. Watch @BillClinton take the stage at the #DemConvention: http://hrc.io/29Ylnj4
"She is the best qualified person for this moment in history." @BillClinton on Hillary
"Safeguarding freedom and security is not like hosting a TV reality show. It...demands a cool head, but also a big heart." @Madeleine
"This fall, we must do everything we can to make sure that Hillary becomes our next Commander-in- Chief." @Madeleine #DemsInPhilly
"I trusted her when my life was on the line, and she came through. 9/11 survivor, Lauren Manning
"Donald Trump and Mike Pence: We are not going back to the dark days when women died in back alleys." @BarbaraBoxer
"Lets declare: Love trumps hate! @AmericaFerrera and @LenaDunham
"Make no mistake about it: Women's health and rights are on the line and on the ballot in this election. @CecileRichards #DemsInPhilly
No mother should have to feel this loss.
I would not have signed up for this. None of us would have. I am here today for my son, Trayvon Martin, who is in heaven Sybrina Fulton
"Hillary Clinton isn't afraid to say black lives matter..." - Lucy McBath, mother of Jordan Davis
Sandy, my fourth of five daughters, was gone So many of our children gone but not forgotten Geneva Reed-Veal, Sandra Blands mother.
"Let's build. Let's unite." Maria Hamilton, mother of Dontre Hamilton
Thank you, President Carter.
We made history.
This moment is for every little girl who dreams big. #WeMadeHistory
Stronger together.
History.
Getting ready to make some history. #RollCallVote
The #RollCallVote is underway at the @DemConvention. You can join in from home! Text HILLARY to 47246 to voice your support right now.
This ones for you, Hill. #WeMadeHistory
It took 240 years but 2016 will be the year of the first woman POTUS!!! Great day to be an American Woman! #ImWithHer #DemsInPhilly
"I am pleased to second the nomination for Hillary Clinton as the party candidate for president! @RepJohnLewis
The tears are very real. Now when I tell my daughter she can be what she wants (even president) I'm not completely full of it.#WeMadeHistory
Hillary's oldest delegate is 102. Read Jerry's story: http://hrc.io/MeetJerry
Tonight, we will shatter that glass ceiling again. @RepJohnLewis on nominating Hillary for president #DemsInPhilly
We have made too much progress, and we are not going back, we are going forward." @RepJohnLewis #DemsInPhilly
Some people want to rant, but Hillary wants to get results. @SenatorBarb #DemsInPhilly
Watch Hillary become the first woman presidential nominee of a major political party: http://hrc.io/2av3bLW #WeMadeHistory
You heard @FLOTUS. Here's how you can get involved in this campaign  http://hrc.io/2a7ETHg
On most campaigns, there isn't much ambiguity as to whether the candidate does or doesn't back KKK leaders.
Meet one of our PA delegates who will help nominate @HillaryClinton today at #DemConvention: @MalcolmKenyatta
RT if last night made you proud to be a Democrat. #DemsinPHL
Day one of the Democratic Convention is in the books. Catch up on what you missed here: http://hrc.io/2auvVY6 #DemsInPHL
"When we are indivisible, we are invincible." @CoryBooker at the @DemConvention last night #DemsInPHL
"It is ridiculous that there has never been a female president before."
Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters...can take it for granted that a woman can be president. @FLOTUS
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her tonight. @BernieSanders #DemsInPhilly
"I served with her in the United States Senate and know her as a fierce advocate for the rights of children. @BernieSanders #DemsInPhilly
"While...Trump is busy insulting one group after another, Hillary...understands that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths" Bernie
"Donald Trump? Well, like most Republicans, he chooses to reject science. He believes that climate change is a 'hoax.' @BernieSanders
Hillary Clinton will nominate justices to the Supreme Court who are prepared to overturn Citizens United. @BernieSanders #DemsInPhilly
"Hillary...understands that if someone in this country works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty." @BernieSanders
"Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States. @BernieSanders #DemsInPhilly
"We have come a long way in the last 7 1/2 years and I thank President Obama and Vice President Biden for their leadership." @BernieSanders
"I can't see him helping anyone but himself." Cheryl Lankford, single mom and Trump University victim #DemsInPhilly
Happening now: Watch @BernieSanders address the @DemConvention  http://hrc.io/2amg7E1 #DemsInPhilly
"Trumps entire campaign is just one more, late-night Trump infomercial. @ElizabethForMA #DemsInPhilly
Couldnt agree more, @POTUS.
If you believe we are stronger together, then lets work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president. @ElizabethForMA
Were not going to be Donald Trumps hate-filled Americanot now, not ever! @ElizabethforMA #DemsInPhilly
"When we turn on each other, we cant unite to fight back against a rigged system. @ElizabethforMA #DemsInPhilly
Thats Donald Trumps Americaan America of fear and hate. @ElizabethforMA #DemsInPhilly
"He even picked a vice president famous for trying to make it legal to openly discriminate against gays and lesbians." Warren on Trump
"Last week...Trump spoke for more than an hour...But other than talking about building a stupid walldid you hear any actual ideas?" Warren
"What kind of a man cheats students, cheats investors, cheats workers? ... A man who must never be president" Warren on Trump #DemsInPhilly
"What kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs? Their homes? Their life savings?" Warren on Trump
"He preyed on...people who had fallen on hard times. Hes conned them, hes defrauded them, and hes ripped them off. Warren on Trump
"Were here today because our choice is @HillaryClinton. Im with Hillary." @ElizabethforMA #DemsInPhilly
Watch @ElizabethForMA live at the #DemConvention in Philadelphia: http://hrc.io/2amg7E1
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." @FLOTUS #DemsInPhilly
"We need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton." @FLOTUS
"Dont let anyone ever tell you that this country isnt great...This, right now, is the greatest country on earth." @FLOTUS #DemsInPhilly
Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughtersnow take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States. @FLOTUS #DemsInPhilly
"Hillary understands that the presidency is about one thing and one thing onlyits about leaving something better for our kids." @FLOTUS
"In this election, Im with her!" @FLOTUS on Hillary #DemsInPhilly
"We dont turn against each otherno, we listen to each other. We lean on each other because we are always stronger together." @FLOTUS
